Fix truncated_bptt_steps hiddens detach() and improve docs (#8145)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_module.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Truncated back prop breaks performs backprop every k steps of
a much longer sequence. This is made possible by passing training batches
splitted along the time-dimensions into splits of size k to the

> `training_step`. In order to keep the same forward propagation behavior, all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``training_step``. In order to keep the same forward propagation behavior, all
```

    class MyModel(LightningModule):

        def __init__(self, input_size, hidden_size, num_layers, output_size,
                     truncated_bptt_steps, criterion):
            super().__init__()
            self.lstm = nn.LSTM(
                input_size=input_size,
                hidden_size=hidden_size,
                num_layers=num_layers,
                batch_first=True,
            )
            self.linear = nn.Linear(hidden_size, outpur_size)
            self.criterion = criterion

            # Important: This property activates truncated backpropagation through time
            # Setting this value to 2 splits the batch into sequences of size 2

>             self.truncated_bptt_steps = truncated_bptt_steps

Reviewer 2: for illustration purposes, let's keep it explicit here.

Author: Sure, I will change that.

        # Truncated back-propagation through time
        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx, hiddens):
            x, y = batch

            # the training step must be updated to accept a ``hiddens`` argument
            # hiddens are the hiddens from the previous truncated backprop step
            out, hiddens = self.lstm(x, hiddens)

            y_hat = self.linear(out[:, -1])

>             loss = self.criterion(y_hat, y)

Reviewer 2: the details of the training step were left out intentionally, this doesn't have to be a runnable example btw, you can just put ellipses.

Author: Sure, I will remove them.

Btw, I do feel like there should eb a runable experiement somewhere. When I got started with lightning I looked everywhere on the web and could not find one.

    class MyModel(LightningModule):

        def __init__(self, input_size, hidden_size, num_layers):
            super().__init__()
            # batch_first has to be set to True
            self.lstm = nn.LSTM(
                input_size=input_size,
                hidden_size=hidden_size,
                num_layers=num_layers,
                batch_first=True,
            )

            ...

            # Important: This property activates truncated backpropagation through time
            # Setting this value to 2 splits the batch into sequences of size 2
            self.truncated_bptt_steps = 2

        # Truncated back-propagation through time
        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx, hiddens):
            x, y = batch

            # the training step must be updated to accept a ``hiddens`` argument
            # hiddens are the hiddens from the previous truncated backprop step
            out, hiddens = self.lstm(x, hiddens)

            ...

            return {
                "loss": ...,
                "hiddens": hiddens
            }

> Lightning takes care to split your batch along the time-dimension. It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lightning takes care of splitting your batch along the time-dimension. It is
```

assumed to be the second dimension of your batches. Therefore, in the

> example above we have set `batch_first=True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example above we have set ``batch_first=True``.
```
